hi everyone and welcome for the second
progress report of the IBM project so
heading on to the agenda so I already
started recording and I will ask for
anyone and these lists of Anthony's to
be the note taker and I think Jill I
already I already put put his name are
you gonna take the notes you yes all
right thank you thank you very much I'm
really appreciated so heading on please
if you haven't put your your name in
that list of attendees please do I think
we are missing some some people and also
if you would like to add items to the
agenda such as your weekly updates and
perhaps if you have any demos to show to
show please list them as well
so while well people still are writing
perhaps we we should start with a run of
interest and updates so going by order
actually I'm the first one
so I'm andreas I'm working on the on the
IBM project for on the backend side and
I will share my screen to be easier for
everyone to use the notes
can you see my screen yeah okay cool
so my round of interest and updates oh
by the way we put this bar here so in
terms of what I concluded so I helped
and finish renaming the ID my two
nominees so no miios will be the name
for the actual application a web
application that we are building and we
decided to not use the IDM why name
because we want other people to
implement other applications based on
the the IDM spec so no news will be the
reference world but people can connect
xual implement their own applications
based on the same spec so these these
took a while because there was a lot of
documentation and papers and designs as
well to be using the old old name it
requires us to taste all of those you
know files also I've helped making all
the designs assets public so we were
using the first approach we were using
video but github is not really made to
start and share a binary data so we
ended up using an open Google Drive
folder if you go to that link you have
the link of the Google folder so you can
explore our assets and design material
and all of that and also I helped Paulo
be Markus or follow in defining the GSI
PID module in terms of the interfaces
the methods and arguments return Bellas
I think it's quite nice at the moment
and perhaps I will talk a bit a bit of
that later in terms of what I'm doing
right now I am implementing two modules
the first one is called human crypto
keys and basically it's a model to
generate an import deterministic and
human friendly cryptographic keys using
mnemonics and seeds I
so there are some work based on the or
within the you port and box tech
projects but those projects actually use
ellipticals which is you know it's quite
straightforward to create them based on
seats but not that much for RSA keys
because RSA keys needs to need to be
neutral and algorithm in order to find
primes and all of that and it's not
straightforward so I decided to
implement a model that not only supports
RSA keys but also will support elliptic
curves such as ID two five five nine one
and debit quite one which is a sec P two
five six camera and recording the and by
the way I have a demo for this for this
library and he still work in progress
but I had some thing to show in terms of
it working with with RSA and regarding
the other model is basically a byproduct
of the first one because the first one
also actually export keys themselves in
various or ideally in various formats we
started with M the Pam format so there
was a bit of you know
research around this and actually the
lead p2p a crypto repo or library only
supports RSA encrypted keys and the
human crypto keys you know it doesn't
make any sense to export encrypted keys
with a password because they are already
you know the minimum is your passphrase
basically so we needed a way to generate
M keys without a password and Lippi to
be crypto nor note for supports
exporting them via PCCs
pkcs eight so i decide to implement a
module that will you know leverage not
fortune and also some other libraries to
actually be able to parse
at the moment I'm aiming to support just
three types RSA and the two elliptic
words that I've already mentioned before
and and basically also it will be able
to export or generate an actual key
natural temp file based on what you
parsed that's basically it in terms of
what I'm building next so all of these -
all of these work like these two
libraries will be used inside the deed
scope of the IDM wallets we really need
to implement those two libraries in
order to complete the IDM award scope so
as soon as I finish them I will be able
to implement it it that's it if you have
any questions please ask ask them if you
want
alright
so there's no questions yeah I am quite
good so what was missing from the Lib
TTP crypto library that you need it's a
real mess units implement all right so
basically there's there are two issues I
can actually open them but the first one
is that basically p2p crypto doesn't
explicitly allow you to import keys
unencrypted basically you can't import a
BAM file without a password that's the
first issue the second issue is that it
doesn't yet support importing elliptic
elliptic curve a keys so if you go to
keys here and you have the import
methods if you see it actually tries to
decrypt an RSA directly so in order to
support elliptic curves we need to
detect the BAM file in order to
understand what key what key is there
and then we can either decrypt it using
as an as an RSA or emitted curve or
other type of keys so to give you some
context context I don't need a little
kiss I just need unencrypted Pam files
but a moment it doesn't support neither
of those so I decided to try with that
will hopefully else who's a sleepy to be
crypto to use it in order to to change
this code over here I've actually
created an issue if you want to go there
there are some there is some context
there for you to read any more questions
or any more if you need any more next
thanks any more questions all right so
to the next person in the list is Susan
so hi guys so hesitant i was saying i
i've concluded already a part of where
we've moved all the design files for the
public folder also the renovated the
animation for the structure of the model
layout
it is divided on three use cases which
is of outl ordered and white they adjust
according any use case already concluded
the lodi CDA and all scenarios on the
style guide it's already implemented and
I made a great official prototype and
draft for the profile slash I didn't to
page just looking for the look and feel
twice just for now currently I'm working
on the three variants for the model so
do not confuse
compute compute this with with the model
I out it's totally different except
where there are multiple layouts right
now we have the logically divided by
three which is the symbol I'm just
trying to read here what I accomplished
so now for now which is the simplest
variant that is always I'll say out and
never changes
even though let could have more than one
step the content will fade out and fade
in with slight Y so that keeps the most
basic animations predicted from the
other pages or interactions of the app I
have as well the same simple with
feedback this variant it always starts
with a layout and finishes with a full
layout this will be mostly used for
basic flows where it's needed a final
final confirmation or feedback the
content should be animated as the same
way as preferred on the other example
the other one which is a white starts
with a half layout with vertical margins
and it's followed by a wider layout
which has at least two steps the final
feedback feedback is treated as the one
above as well using the full layout and
it's animations this is used mostly for
complex flows since it will expect more
content in progress
given my multiple types okay let me see
what I have next the concept and and the
a new version for the normally
Cymbeline brain it's already predicted
but it's not finished so it's still in
progress and the same same with the app
shell for now the vlog I had just this
use case which is the purchase of the
font but yeah hopefully we will have
that so as soon as possible and next
steps for me will be the brainstorm the
team here regarding the I didn't his
profile page there any emotion for
closing the models which are referred
previously and then include the final
decision regarding the icon the logo and
its variants on the style guide and for
now that's it very few if you want to
share the log of the logos that you
building and in the end of this meeting
you you have like I will prefer to share
with the team since we have a final
final result because ok we have a
decision which usually it's not final so
I'll try to adjust a few details and
then maybe I can share perhaps learning
next next meeting
yeah alright any questions for Sousa
number all right so
to the next one Pedro hey hi guys
and so what I've concluded this sprint
was a feedback message component and the
component suffered some adjustments and
we have now a tool tip on the icon
because this feedback message you have
an icon on the right or on the left and
you you know how you can over the icon
and you you will see and you will get a
tooltip so I also did repo set up the
the no Muse repo set up where the app
will be will be will live and you have
the link here to check it out if you
want I also refactored some some
components regarding the code review for
for the PR that was open for the initial
components what I am doing right now is
implementing the model slow in the UI
kit and I will not explain it because
and Essos already did it and but as you
know we we had a model layout component
and now he had the model flow and the
layout will be within the model slow and
but you already know that the variations
that this is component can have and and
the next steps will be implementing the
lockscreen user journey and it's that's
it for me any question okay
Sariah was muted so no questions for
Pedro next person in the line and before
continue I just never did tell to reveal
with the team we're we're really focused
on a model layout and the model flow
because most of the user user flows will
be based on that component that's why
it's costing a bit for all of us and
that's it yeah basically the model will
will be used inside the create created
entity flow imported entity flow and it
profile flow and many others I'll say in
future in the future the idea is
consistency across all the new flow that
could appear but for now the logic
behind the division that we made with a
simple advanced and symbolically back
student should work for all of them yeah
thank you so many go on is yield next
one
earlier I was just finishing writing
some notes
well the things that I want to say and
you'll be like their last single line if
you want no no no I can all right no go
ahead
the the things I finished in this in
this sprint was changing the instances
of IBM to numbness in the way you like
it
just like I said what also I helped with
vector the web UI kids according to the
implementation standards that we
discussed some changes like where to
place the probe types if we use staplers
and stateful components etc and I
implemented the loading feedback on the
body components other than that but yeah
that was pretty much it in the next
print I will be implementing the word
screen user journey so that's right
if anyone has any questions right any
questions for you no all right so next
one is Paulo hey guys so basically
during this print my main focus was
developing the JSI PID mod for anyone
that doesn't know what it is is by IP IP
is basically the implementation of the
idea specification over IP FS and we
needed to create a module to interact
with the ID documents over the over IP
FS and manage it manage them create an
end result so this is basically what I
did
currently I'm just testing it I'm trying
to be as thorough as possible because
the specification has a lot of details
and a lot of musts insurance so we need
to make sure that everything is okay and
the next print I will research a bit
about very foul vocalizations and social
props do you guys have any questions
yeah
what's the thoughts with like IP ID and
en s anchoring is that like an optional
thing or is that you know what's what's
the status of that tienes anchoring yeah
like putting the the route putting the
sort of the route record into the
etherium names you know naming system in
order to sort of have like that or in
Tiffany Bachchan they're just kind of
like anchor it there I know Jonny was
talking about that and I don't know the
current status is so currently I don't
know if Andre is more yeah
as I read any site about that but I
thought we were talking yeah I think I
think Paul is not aware of what it what
this that is because
while John Johnny has been talking about
it I think it doesn't yet they didn't
hear to plated the the idea pacification
meaning that is still a work in progress
so perhaps when when he finished that
part and actually includes in the spec
we might might actually located that but
as far as I know that stuff is optional
in the the idea spec an ibid the ideas
back and you know using a blockchain
such as Experian causes causes some
friction I would say in the introduction
because people don't you know don't
don't have crypto or don't have any any
it even account with no no need to sell
me I just wasn't sure like Johnny was
yeah yeah even even if it if it does I
mean even if it gets added to the spec
and I guess to be optional I guess we
want implemented till MVP yeah basically
Johnny crunch is being I know you know
he's being pretty cautious against or
regarding a penis and also IPO D so
instead of relying only on I pianist and
i PL d he also wants to anchor the seeds
in the action like it Union in order to
serve as a confirmation that anyone can
can check inside a blockchain it's just
about the time stamping it's to make
sure like I prove that certain point
makes it set on a certain point in time
for shorts like that's it but but anyway
I think I think that the discussion will
be we made throughout the time when we
discuss actual anchoring stuff that's
sorry okay okay I think that just one
more thing quickly
basically we have an open issue on the
IP IV spec about multi writer scenarios
so currently I also on the ji PIB module
we are making some trade-offs like we
are going to implement what we actually
need to interact with the documents and
we will improve it as we go so we are
going to open some issues after the
first implementation of the JJ s IP IV
and those issues are going to be like
improvements or new features that we
want to see that you want to see
implemented in the module but currently
we gamed to a very simple module right
now so yeah basically the thing about
multi rights and also the thing about
layer 1 and layer 2 need to go first
into the PID spec itself before we
actually implement implemented in the
module otherwise we'll be you know being
kind of a fork of the ideas back which
you don't want so we will try to make it
make it make it into the IBD spec before
actually implementing implement
implementing it and as a matter of fact
is not it's not blocking so we can
actually use the single writer
implementation and let it on implemented
the meta multi write that thing up two
words alright so any more questions for
Paul yeah just a brief thing that I'm
going to be meeting with some people who
are working on the social proof stuff
from the rebooting love with trust
conference later this week I don't know
how much useful things are going to come
out of it and like the next week or two
but I will I will looped you in if they
do okay yeah here for me
yeah it would be awesome I was there
with you and I I knew that you were in
that group and if you are producing any
paper it will be awesome if you could
wink blink the fiber itself into the
notes so that we can
check it leave it on I'll think I'll
drop the embarrassingly early stage no
all right so let's keep going next one
is you want your singe everyone so
during this last two two weeks I have
been like part-time working on a small
module to be added to the idea which is
having a having a service worker using
the the web off an API for us to be able
to store a secret using like the
hardware module in this case is English
ready
so they've always to use the web as an
API to store a secret controlled by the
user which can then be used to unlock
the vault at the end so I can do have
second part for the demos okay so my
approach is that yay there's like there
are two libraries and for service work
using one color to clients both in the
function to use the web of an API to
store secrets and to recover secrets you
think that I've eaten this bag so it's
like really nicely to experience we can
store 64 bytes every using all
right thank you any questions for John
no questions for now I think most
questions will be you appear when you
demo itself it's comfortable
next one next one in the list is is a
Dean I know if you have any update
something but feel free to share them
yeah I mostly just been doing IPs things
I have a single router IP NS let's
gossip sub that will have persistence
which should help with republishing
issues because your stuff won't have to
expire which happens with the DHT the
problem is you can't republish because
they check that you're the actual person
publishing but now you're offline and if
you're offline for more than a day then
your records are gone and I think with
Jess Jess knows it may it may be worse
because I think the the time to live is
even shorter
so hopefully that should work and I've
been doing some work on the the multi
writer stuff but that mostly involves
adding in specific sub topic or topic
features right now all topics are sort
of treated the same so you have to
choose between uh you have to choose
between like do I want to use gossip sub
or this new thing or flood stuff you
have to like choose you can't just like
use them all so I'm making that make
sense and hopefully in such a way that
when we start looking at how to do this
in jail and it won't be it'll be pretty
straightforward
all right I have a question for you
so you know regarding the clip
publishing there will be two keys as you
designed it in the first iteration well
I mean the first iteration is to not do
anything so if you have if you just have
if you have gossip going you can set and
you just manually set the the time's the
end of life for the record to be really
far then you won't have to worry them
right
whereas right now that's not even an
option just at the end of life to be
really far so that's sort of like the
solve the problem in the near term and
then adding in republishing keys is
further a further issue mostly because
it changes the IP NS spec because know
you need to include related to the key
the key needs to contain not just the
publishing key but also the republishing
key so you end up like changing the spec
so for now this is the the way to get
this off the ground unblocked people as
soon as possible okay
so regarding the the GSI PID module that
Paul implemented so perhaps the would
you suggest that we put like one year
off time to leave in our case until
until the fit publishing parties
implemented I mean it's it sort of
depends right if you're not gonna have
if there's not gonna be a node online
that's gossiping your your D ID record
then you're in just as many problems
anyhow right right okay so you know I
might tell
we might have like in terms of a
temporary solution would be to have an
infrastructure of nodes that are aware
of those records and be always online
basically yeah so I think Jamie's been
working on some stuff with basically IP
NS pinning or some right now he's
working mostly on pear pad pinning but I
think at some point this is gonna
graduate into setting up IP NS pinning
that you could do in addition to using
cluster 4 for data ipfs pinning and that
should be useful I don't know how soon
that's that stuff is really gonna be
available because it's based on stuff
that I'm working on and Jim's working on
and also there's no the persistence is
not has not been implemented in the Jas
pub/sub stuff mostly because gossip sub
hasn't landed hasn't like officially
landed yet you know so I I think in the
near term just sort of like keep doing
what you're doing but we're gonna we'll
keep you informed and hopefully like
within the next month or so we should
know what the trajectory is gonna look
like okay departing geo which is the
note taker Joe can you take note about
creating an issue to lift all the
requirements that we have in terms of
infrastructure like pinning the seeds
and and regarding a penis and time to
leave and I think that's adding
missioned
so that we can have a list of
requirements for you know for I think
it's not not to be must basically it'll
be to be you know bad for for the MVP if
that happened that's it basically any
more questions for a team
questions alright so the next two
attendees are just observing so let's
move on to the second part of the
meeting which is the demos and the
questions so if you have any further
questions or questions that you see or
want to ask in the in the end of this
meeting please list them here in the in
the document and we'll have five minutes
questions and answers but right now
let's do the demos and so the first one
is actually me already
I'm already sharing my screen I have
here a quick demo for you to see so the
first one is the human cryptokeys module
that I'm working on and what I'm going
to show you is just very minded this is
just a test file that I created for this
demo so basically what I'm doing here is
to import the library and we have the
here TWiT functions which are the main
ones which is the generate key pair
trick repair from mnemonic and sorry
gatekeeper for mana Manik and get keeper
from seed so what work should we do
first is to generate a key afterwards
we generate or get the same key based on
its mana monic because this object here
is composed of not only the key but also
the mnemonic and the seed so in this
case I'm passing the same algorithm and
the minim onic that I get from the first
step and also in the third step I'm
going to recreate the sing key but from
the seed and what what do you will see
printed in the screen is there the first
result object and then you should see a
true pier and a true here because the
gears will be that should be the same
basically so I'm gonna run this file and
don't know if you should ever should
increment the font size so what do you
see now is that it will it will be
actually slow
that in terms of you know is their
experience having to wait like three
four seconds just to generate a key is
not very nice that's why I'm looking to
using elliptic curves because that's you
know generating elliptic curve from a
sieve it's pretty straightforward you
don't need to actually do anything you
just take the bikes and and that's it so
thing the output the output of the
generate key pair was an object with
algorithmic property which contains all
the algorithm parameters so that we can
replicate the key later on like one year
from now or two years from now in this
case the the type of the keys are a site
has 2048 bits it has this this public
exponent and also the method to find the
prime numbers used is priming and also
we get the minimum ik which is you know
twelve words twelve words passphrase
basically also we get to see it based on
the mnemonic so the Mahna Mahna Canaries
seeds which has these amount of bytes
I think it's 64 bytes and then based on
that seed we get the public key and a
private key and as you see the second
the second and third steps have boolean
a boolean to true meaning that it
generated the same keys as the first one
so this is my first demo I'm still I'm
still working on this module that
there's a lot of stuff still to do but
basically I need to do tests and make
the code prettier the second demo is the
key parcel library so let me just clear
my screen first what I'm going to demo
here is simply a parsing let me just
open the test file thank you is this one
so what I'm doing here is to take the
take the two sets to set off
this is actually just one private key
which is this one and I'm gonna try to
parse it so in this case this key if you
if you open here is pkcs1 PEM key with
four primes and it has four 4096 bits so
we should be able to parse any type of
key and I'm gonna demo disk in
particular so if we want it run this
what we get from the output is saying
hey the format is pkcs1 in the BAM
format and the key is an RSA and as you
know all these parameters like the
modules private exponent prime 1 Prime 2
and all of that stuff and also it
contains encryption no because the key
the key is not encrypted if the key was
encrypted with a passphrase you will see
it is as an object telling you the
algorithm used by the encryption and
also its parameters such as the IV and
and all of that so this module will be
used by the will be used by this module
in order to actually create elliptic
curve private keys and also in the
format of pkcs 8 because at the moment
if you see here the private keys is in
pkcs1 format which is an old format and
it's deprecated by school no one uses
this format nowadays and you know that's
basically it
if you have any questions please ask
them
you
questions okay cool
so heading on to the next demo which is
the wealth service web out and service
or goodbye little setup here your screen
so this is just like a very very basic
demo a very basic demo of using a 10
Service Worker so if you can just think
of situation where we are either
registering a user or a lot of setting
up the fault
Virgilia the only thing the user would
need to do is you come here
set its user name Danny Woodcrest at the
register button and now here I'm asking
first you put that we want to sort so
this is not all necessary just think of
this is the secret that we want to
restore the hardware much of the
disguise device either it would be
probably the best race of emoticons
so like speaker strong and specific
aspects then this will prompt me for my
little shiny credentials I put in my
fingers I will allow it Here I am now
information of the public key I just
registered using what offender is stored
by Isis by the service worker in next
image that I fit in in the prompt is not
sort that secrecy store directly on the
hardware module in this case examples to
chat with and then when I come back I
bring my username so here's well then I
press login
it knows which public people checked
against based on my username then I just
confirm it with my finger I am logged
and
the secret right sure so this secret
here is basically four encoded sha-256
of the first secret activated in the
beginning and now I'm getting it back
here again so yeah so we can just think
the possibilities of using this secret
for anything now like there are some
caveats about like we are using a field
of level and two sources which really
should be used to sort it this is the
user handle this is supposed to be just
a pointer for the server to connect a
user to a public key it's essentially
the user LD but it is securely stored on
the side of the clients device so I know
other website connexes so we are like we
should get some feedback from other
people in the community to see if this
is okay to do but it seems to be fine
and yeah this like regulates right now
we can do with all sorts of things by
using the user handle to start
sequencing so that's it oh yes just like
just one by saying very fast this is a
library right now
so we have the library for the client so
we just need to import the way about
hmmm blur and then just make it handled
login and registration where he takes
the username the secret and the name of
the user and then we also have the
library for the service worker which is
just like the routes to handle the
register the login and the response to
the response being a challenge which is
sent by the service worker to the
clients so it's very simple to take this
example someone you took a very simple
example and just implemented anywhere
else so next steps are going to be to
take these two libraries and implement
them on the IBM non-use example that's
right now to make this one of the whole
blocks right
so yeah so to give to give some context
about why are using a service worker can
you explain drawn to people I know you
know that yeah yeah not for you to
explain so essentially the way why
Balkan works is for you to get a very
traditional authentication mechanism
between the client and the server but
instead of using is username and
password you are using public key
becomes public so the way it works is
the user registers itself with a
username and then the server sends a
challenge to be signed by the users and
the user is signing that challenge with
a private key that was generated in its
device hi browser essentially using the
hardware device can be like a USB token
you can do touch ID like any any other
type of sensor that can identify a
person the problem here is since we are
like all about to the centralized web
servers do not exist they are persona
non grata so we have to find like
something else to make a look and learn
so we want to use by about and because
of the features in users to screen and
verify signatures but without the server
so what we can do is between the service
partner then intercepts all the
communications between the client and
the alleged server so it can still do
the challenge and everything although
that has very valuable value is the
challenge that exists only on the client
side what you're doing is just leverage
that piece of information which is
storing treatment which is the user
handle so only one from way above and at
this point is to store the user handle
in the hardware device hopefully in the
future web of them will expose
primitives to encrypt and decrypt
messages that should be like the best
way to be also using way about them to
encrypt and it gives a message but since
we do not have that today the only thing
we have is a digital signature that's
what we want
yeah the witch list is increasing all
right thank you as well
does anyone have questions for John I
didn't go ahead how do you yeah so what
what's like the web authentic
you know I'm using my laptop I I don't
have touch ID or a USB thing can I run
like a local Oh
so if you don't have hid you should have
like the USB thing if you don't have
anything I think you're out of luck you
can you create like you like just
implement the phyto library and just tie
it to an SSH key on your desktop I don't
know no no you can't so basically this
this API is offered by the browser and
it must be you know the different types
must be approved by the Fido foundation
I think if I'm not mistaken so you are
basically you have to use what they
define and they offer you can't just
plug in what your other types of
authentication there so we just stuck
with touch ID and Westby drives and
later on later on on Android also work
and let it on perhaps micro vessel will
also implement face ID I would imagine
when I said he becomes available to my
question of that but you can just plug
in what what you know any custom type of
authentication you have to use what they
offer and this way that's why we have in
IBM we have the bosphorus you know just
just because you can always use the web
hot end API so the passphrase is 100%
supported because that's what that's
what we implemented and then we can
leverage other log types to be more user
friendly in terms of being you know
faster to unlock the idea because you
users hate passwords right so any more
questions regarding this demo no so
let's go to the to the final one I think
which is by Paul Marcus so Paul you have
five minutes okay
so very quickly I don't know if you can
see my screen already please tell me one
not yet not yet yeah it's it's okay no
yeah so basically I'll just present it
as quick as possible so the IP IP API is
pretty simple so basically you use a
factory to create her nieces of IP ID
you pass it you pass a note of ipfs and
it's the software ipfs and you can do
three things resolved by passing the ID
so basically this will resolve the ID
and get you the document associated to
that the ID create a new the ID we it's
document and I played it so basically we
are using the pam private key to do this
to be consistent with ipfs inside when
we import keys in ipfs it's currently
being done with a Pam
so we are keeping that consistent and as
you can see here the second argument of
the create and the update it's the the
document what is the document so
basically you get the document and you
can do some stuff with the document so
like you can add all the keys and this
public key you pass an object to it
basically this object you can see its
specification in the lead spec you can
revoke a public key by specifying its ID
you can add a notification
currently we are just using ember
reference out indication because I'm
about authentication in the VI this bike
is currently a little bit
sistent and not really well-defined we
are hoping to see it go forward a little
bit until we actually implement it also
we can add service and the spec is also
defined in the VIP spec and to revoke it
you just pass the PID so as a quick
example here
we are creating an oath an ipfs note and
to create VIP ID we just pass it to the
IP ID so let's let's create a div with
its documents and what we are doing here
is we are going to create the ID we are
going to pass the private key as a Pam
and we we get the documents and when we
get the document we get it templated
with what it's actually required in the
document and after that you just play
with it a little bit as your liking and
you wait for example a Palicki you have
authentication method anyway a service
so let's run this see what it will
return
you can see I can't see okay sorry
so this is basically the document that
gets created after we run this little
bit of code what if we try to resolve
this so basically this is our D ID this
is our method might be ID and this is
our live n t5 the identifier is actually
an IP NS ash so we can get the the
document by using this ash so just
instead of this let's just resolve this
so as you can see here this is the D ID
that was already created so let's run
this and it will resolve the document so
actually we get as you can see here it's
exactly the same document that we
created and we can update it so let's
update let's add a new authentication
method with different Palicki currently
we only have one as you can see here ek
one let's have any one so we run this
and
okay so this is the updated document as
you can see here we have a new
authentication method and it's already
published so this is pretty simple we
currently have this API I think it's
quite simple to understand and easier
for anyone that wants to pick up to pick
this up and yeah
this is basically it we hope to
implement more features as the time goes
by and the spike gets more mature and
that's it
thank you Paul just a disclaimer the
examples that you showed to us are not
actually valid in terms of yeah is that
they are not yet yes for example it's a
demo the the addition of authentication
key with the ID that didn't actually
exist in the public is array so bear in
mind that this was just for demo
purposes not a real D ID document being
you know defined as per the spec any
questions for Paul nope no questions all
right so I think we are done with the
demos like me you know full screens can
can you stop sharing that sorry just a
second okay okay I'm gonna show my
screen so finally we have a little
sprite slice of space like five minutes
for questions feel free to ask any
question really we are here to you know
to discuss things and to answer anything
that you want would like to know more
you have any questions for us
no questions come on no questions
alright so I guess I guess we should
finish here thank you everyone for for
appearing and and coming to this session
and see you see you in two weeks from
now on so bye bye and thank you again I
see